When we were woven in the depths of the earth
Before we even came into this world
Jehovah saw right from the start
Deep down inside our beating heart
Just stop and think what that means
He knows you, He knows me
What we feel, what we see
When we try hard to give our best
The joys we feel and our regrets
He knows you, He knows me
What we need, what we believe
When we can't find the words to say
We're not alone
He knows like a father
Wants his child to succeed
That's how he feels about you
He sifts through us and sees
Where we shine
And who we can be in paradise
So always know that he cares
He knows you, He knows me
What we feel, what we see
When we try hard to give our best
The joys we feel and our regrets
He knows you, He knows me
What we need, what we believe
And not alone
He knows like a father
Wants his child to succeed
That's how he feels about you
He knows you, He knows me
What we feel, what we see
When we try hard to give our best
The joys we feel and our regrets
He knows you, He knows me
What we feel, what we see
When we try hard to give our best